[DOC] update release protocol and version name (#1661)
bids-standard/bids-specification: Release_Protocol.md

### 9. Edit the mkdocs.yml file site_name to set a new development version

Please open a pull request and create a merge commit to `master` with the title `REL: <version>-dev`.

![merge-commit](release_images/merge_commit.png.png "merge-commit")

This should be the first commit in the new version.

> This will recent the URL that were [manually changed before in step 2.3](#2.3-update-the-previous-version-URLs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will reset the URLs that were [manually changed before in step 2.3](#2.3-update-the-previous-version-URLs).
```
